This is a book.
This is not a book.
That is a pencil.
That is not a pencil.
These are books.
These are not books.
Those are pencils.
Those are not pencils.
Milk is good to eat.
Milk is good for you to eat.
This yard is full of children.
One is strong. The other is weak.
That's a good idea.
That's very kind of you.
What he said is something.
All you have to do is add the letters.
This is my girl going into the door.
To do as you suggest would be out of the question.
That is exactly what we want to learn.
I am a girl.
I am not a girl.
My father is in his office.
I'm eight.
It is seven. It must be seven.
It's very cold.
It is difficult.
It is wonderful.
It's ten o'clock.
It is time for you to get up.
I'm interested in this book.
I'm very fond to you as a friend.
I'm thirsty.
I'm busy just now.
I'm afraid. I'm sure. I'm sorry.
I'm ready for breakfast.
I'm good at tennis.
The car is near the tree.
Your hat looks very nice.
My sister has a cup.
I have a lot of thing to eat.
I have no time to see you.
We have a car waiting outside.
I'll have some soup.
There is not any book on the table.
There are two pencils in my box.
There are not any pencils in my box.
What are there in your box
There are seven days in a week.
Here is a few letters for you to learn.
There's a telephone call for you.
There won't be many teachers going to the party.
I don't open the door.
He opens the door.
He doesn't open the door.
I opened the door.
I will open the door. I shill open the door.
The door is opened.
The door is not opened.
The door has been opened.
The door has been opening.
I have lived in Shanghai for a long time.
I have bought the car.
Get me two pounds of tomatoes.
I get here at 11.
Get the layer to explain it to you.
I can't get this lift to work.
It's getting dark.
You're getting fat.
Don't get excited!
You'll get weed to it.
I don't get you.
Get in! Get on!
I've got to go now.
He said he always carried a gun.
He said the telegram had arrived at noon
She promised she would reserve a room for me.
He said he didn't want to lire a car.
He assured me he would keep his promise.
This vase is made of glass.
I work for bank.
I don't think he will win his game.
I pick you up in front of the hotel.
It takes place in a school.
Perhaps you've heard of him.
I want you to tell me this.
You have to share it with other tenants.
You don't have to carry much cash.
I'd like to be called at 7.
You ought to do it
You'd better wear a light jacket.
We should be able to resolve our difference.
All this is due to our change in teaching methods
Most scientists tend to agree with me.
It's likely to rain.
Today we are going to hear report.
I need to look at your car.
She hopes to get a job.
You make me happy.
It makes me forget all my problems.
He is trying to imitate speaker's pronunciation.
This should help you to remember it.
You ask some body to tell you time
I prefer to go school.
She starts working at 7.
He continued talking.
You find people expressing many different opinions.
I must have my TV set checked.
Open the door, please. Close the window, please
Don't open the door!
Let's go!
Let me take you out for dinner.
How beautiful she is!
What a beautiful girl she is.
Sit down, please!
Stand up!
Get off the bus!
Get on the bus!
Get out of the car.
Look at the blackboard!
Look at me!
Hurry up!
Hold on!
Wait a minute.
Don't be nervous!
Don't worry about it!
Not at all.
Never do that!
Good heavens! 
Good gracious!
Ridiculous!
Thank you very much.
Thank you for helping me.
Excuse me
Good morning!
See you tomorrow.
Damn
Disgraceful!
Shut up!
Don't be silly!
Tell me in your own words.
Listen to the recording.
Help yourself
Hand me the hammer.
Give me a break!
Never mind.
That's right!
All right!
OK.
Very good!
That's too bad!
That will do. 
Mind your own business!
We can't get there on time.
They can be divided into three groups.
I can do what you said.
They may come in handy one day
You must know the sound of each letter in the English alphabet.
We may have good reason to be proud of ourselves.
He is younger than I.
He has more brothers than I.
I have fewer brothers than you.
He drinks more water than I.
I drink less water than him.
He is as well as you.
Your car is as fast as mine.
It was the most exciting match I've ever seen.
He is not so tall as I.
I prefer to go rather than to stay.
It is very useful to listen to Lesson One again.
It's time to watch TV.
It would be quite impossible to enumerate all the things.
It is necessary that he should be sent there at once
If you go there, you will find him.
If you went there, you would find him.
If you had gone there, you would have found him.
I won't believe it unless I see it with my own eyes.
I wish I were a bird.
I wish I had met my uncle yesterday.
I wish I could go and visit my aunt tomorrow.
I'm sorry to interrupt you. 
I gave the students a chance to say a few words too.
I've got a taxi waiting outside.
I hope you won't find it all too difficult to understand and to remember.
I wish I could talk to you about art.
To form the present perfect you use the present tense to the verb 'to have'.
To give you now an example of another American voice, here is a young lady from Iowa who will teach you.
To save you such embarrassment, here are a few simple rules about writing.
You would somehow manage to make yourself understood what other people said to you.
To do as you suggest would be out of the question.
I think we've just enough time to learn a few more irregular verbs.
We shall devote today's lesson to the study of ONE English verb 'to get'.
Looking at the last few lessons, I see we have taken a big step.
Keeping one's promise is something we should all do.
I take ten minutes to get there.
After he arrives, we'll all come out.
When he comes, I'll bring him there.
I won't say anything until you tell him.
I won't phone my friend till Bob arrived.
I haven't heard anything about him since you wrote to me last month.
As soon as we got there, we start working.
I'll stay here until you come back.
I have only a few seconds left in which to remind you that your work on these lessons is by no means over.
Read as many English books as you possibly can.
What you call a 'vest' is an 'undershirt' to us. 
Joe waited for the train.
The train was late.
Mary and Samantha took the bus.
I looked for Mary and Samantha at the bus station.
Mary and Samantha arrived at the bus station early but waited until noon for the bus.
Joe waited for the train, but the train was late.
I looked for Mary and Samantha at the bus station, but they arrived at the station before noon and left on the bus before I arrived.
Mary and Samantha arrived at the bus station before noon, and they left on the bus before I arrived.
Mary and Samantha left on the bus before I arrived, so I did not see them at the bus station.
Because Mary and Samantha arrived at the bus station before noon, I did not see them at the station.
While he waited at the train station, Joe realized that the train was late.
After they left on the bus, Mary and Samantha realized that Joe was waiting at the train station.
I did not see them at the station because Mary and Samantha arrived at the bus station before noon.
Joe realized that the train was late while he waited at the train station.
Mary and Samantha realized that Joe was waiting at the train station after they left on the bus.
Since I was five years old, I have read in bed at night.
For my twelfth birthday I received A Light in the Attic, which is a book of poems.
Before I go to sleep, I sometimes read my favorite poems to my little brother. 
As he listens to me, he closes his eyes and falls asleep.
When he wakes up in the morning, he usually asks about the ending of a poem.
I may be a writer or an editor when I grow up.
My Aunt Sabrina, who lives in Dallas, is a copyeditor for a newspaper.
If I study hard, I can become an editor, too.
A job as an editor makes sense for me because I love words.
The books that I love most sit on a special shelf in my room.
As I read, I learned about Arachne, a character in a famous Greek myth.
In the stories, she weaves tapestries that are very beautiful.
Because Arachne is such a good weaver, she begins to boast about her skill.
Athena, who is the goddess of arts and crafts, hears about Arachne’s boastfulness and decides to pay Arachne a visit.
After Athena arrives, she warns Arachne not to be so boastful.
Because Arachne refuses to listen, the goddess Athena challenges her to a weaving contest.
When the contest that Athena proposes ends in a draw, Athena destroys Arachne’s tapestry and loom.
Because she feels both guilty and insulted, Arachne dies.
Because Athena feels sorry for Arachne, she brings Arachne back to life and turns her into a spider.
According to the myth, spiders, who are also excellent weavers, are descended from Arachne.
Because my coffee was too cold, I heated it in the microwave.
Though he was very rich, he was still very unhappy.
She returned the computer after she noticed it was damaged.
When the cost goes up, customers buy less clothing.
As she was bright and ambitious, she became manager in no time.
Wherever you go, you can always find beauty.
The movie, though very long, was still very enjoyable.
Evergreen trees are a symbol of fertility because they do not die in the winter. 
The actor was happy he got a part in a movie although the part was a small one.
The museum was very interesting as I expected.
Because he is rich, people make allowance for his idiosyncrasies.
The professional, who had been thoroughly trained, was at a loss to explain.
When she was younger, she believed in fairy tales.
After the tornado hit the town, there was little left standing.
I have to save this coupon because I don’t have time to shop right now.
Let’s go back to the restaurant where we had our first date.
Although my cousin invited me, I chose not to go to the reunion.
As genes change over time, evolution progresses.
I really didn’t like the play although the acting was very good.
Everyone laughed when he got a cream pie smashed in his face.
After twenty years, he still had feelings for her.
Some people tell me that money can’t buy happiness.
If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer.
The Scarecrow and the Tin Woodman stood up in a corner and kept quiet all night, although of course they could not sleep.
Because he was so small, Stuart was often hard to find around the house.
He was like a cock who thought the sun had risen to hear him crow.
No man, in all the procession of famous men, is reason or illumination, or that essence we were looking for; but is an exhibition, in some quarter, of new possibilities.
The path to my fixed purpose is laid on iron rails, on which my soul is grooved to run.

